Title: About Us

About The Board
===============
**Jamie "astro" Bliss** is our Technical Director.  He was born in Southern 
California, but now lives in Grand Rapids, MI.  His only OS is Ubuntu with 
Cinnamon Desktop.  He enjoys reading books by Terry Pratchet.  He is all linux 
all the time, and has 1337 coding skills.  He enjoys fixing society problems, 
watching anime, and cosplay.  If he were to watch a TV show or movie, it would 
be Firefly, Babylon 5, and Serenity. He is inspired by Nikola Tesla and Dean 
Kamen.  If you force feed him Chinese food he'll be happy, play Nightwish or 
t.A.T.u. and he'll be happier.

**Mike "zozo" Buckingham** is our President.  He was born in Illinois, but 
currently lives to New Mexico.  His interests include Electronics and High 
Voltage, and reading tech manuals.  His skills include Computer repair, 
Networking and Server Management. He uses windows as an operating system 
because he's a gamer. He enjoys listening to The Cruxshadows, The Birthday 
Massacre and Pink floyd, and watching Arrow, Dr Who, and How it works, and 
eating anything unhealthy, including bacon and pizza.  He is currently looking 
for work, but used to work for a WISP, so he's legit.

**Kyle Vice** is our Board Advisor.  He lives in Marion Indiana where he was 
born on Feb 6.  His skills include AutoCAD, plumbing system design and digital 
music; His employment is at a mechanical/electrical engineering firm, as a 
plumbing designer/CAD Tech.  He enjoys eating pasta and anything chicken.  He 
enjoys reading Kurt Cobain's journal and the biography of Frank Lloyd Wright, 
listening to Bad Religion, Silverchair, nofx, System of a Down, and 
Fingertight, and Watching hackers, Shawshank Redemption, Constantine, Big Bang 
Theory, and Through the Wormhole.  He enjoys dishing it out and recieving 
humor, intelligence, not being materialistic, and science, music, skateboarding 
and drafting.  He is inspired by his grandfather who is the King of Tools.

**Kelly Vanderwell** is our executive director.  She was born in Grand Rapids, 
MI.  Her interests include ballroom and swing dancing, IRC, and learning about 
mental health.  Her operating systems are Ubuntu 12.04 and windows 7, not dual 
booted.   She enjoys listening to a wide variety of music, including Taylor 
Swift, Adele, classical, Weird Al, Sigur Ros, and Lady Gaga.  She enjoys 
watching Doctor Who, GLEE, Big Bang Theory, NCIS, and REPO! the Genetic Opera.  
She is a potterhead, enjoying both the films and the books.  Purple, being the 
color of royalty, is her favorite color.  She enjoys eating pancakes (only her 
mom's recipe tho!) and chipotle and most things she cooks.  She enjoys spending 
time in the kitchen creating food and also using her camera, taking pictures of 
people/things.  She has been inspired by her parents. She works for the Wyoming 
Animal Hospital as receptionist.

**Jacque Morrison**, is our interim treasurer.  She was born on May 9 in the 
Grand Rapids area. Her skills and interests include origami, dancing, rubik's 
cubes, puzzles, analogies, mental health, nutrition, cats, computers, empathy, 
music, paper, learning, swings, parks, physiology, and diverse people. She 
prefers old ubuntu to any other operating system.  She will eat anything, but 
prefers healthy food.  She listens to a wide variety of music, from christian, 
to rock, to rap/hip-hop, to country, but her favorites are blue october, the 
killers, dc talk, matchbox 20 and linkin park. SHe likes reading, including 
Harry Potter, Narnia, and the curious incident of the dog at nighttime.  She 
enjoys a wide variety of tv shows except Law and Order SVU, soap operas, day 
time tv, reality TV, MTV, or food network.  She is not fond of horror movies, 
chick flicks, but does enjoy kid movies and movies with adult themes.  Jacque 
is inspired by Einstein, Benjamin franklin, Temple Grandin, Rob Thomas, 
Shakira, Kevin Max, Marsha Linehan, and Justin Furstenfeld.  Her favorite color 
is lavender, and she's currently employed at the Recovery Academy as a teacher. 
She likes smart people, and people with a wide variety of interests.  She 
enjoys video games and gamers.

